feat: ability to specify maxFailures relative to total tests (#27408)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/test-api/class-testconfig.md

* since: v1.10
- type: ?<[int]>

The maximum number of test failures (test retry is also a failure) for the whole test suite run. After reaching this number, testing will stop and exit with an error. Setting to zero (default) disables this behavior.

Can be specified as:

> * static value - positive integer number;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* absolute value - positive integer number;
```

> * dynamic value - percentage relative to the total number of tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* relative value - percentage relative to the total number of tests.
```

> * dynamic value (positive float number less than 1) relative to the total number of tests.

Author: Perhaps the description is not very clear and I should just use `integer number` and `float number` without `static` and `dynamic`.

Reviewer: For `--workers` we allow setting the value `50%`. This helps us stay away from floating point, lets do the same here.

Author: > For --workers we allow setting the value 50%. This helps us stay away from floating point, lets do the same here.

Ok, I didn't notice such an implementation. Fixed

> For example, if 100 tests are run in the project and the `maxFailures` is set to `'30%'` (dynamic value), then when 30 tests are failed, testing will stop. When using a static value you just need to specify `30``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if 100 tests are run in the project and the `maxFailures` is set to `'30%'` (relative value), then when 30 tests are failed, testing will stop. To use an absolute value you can specify `30`.
```

> Use dynamic value if you don't want to keep it up to date as the number of tests increases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use relative value if you don't want to keep it up to date as the number of tests increases.
```
